Welcome to the build my word project.
In this module, you'll learn how to create a Gazebo word,
interact with it through plugins,
and design models using Gazebo tools
such as the moderator tool and the building editor tool.
Now, you will utilize what you learn to build your own robotic simulated environment.
In this project, you will design a Gazebo word,
use it as a simulation environment for all your upcoming projects.
Specifically, you will use the building editor tool
to design and build a sculpture to house your future robot.
Furthermore, you would design an object using the moderator tool.
Then, you would include multiple instances of that object in your world.
You will also import a model of
the Gazebo online library and include it in your Gazebo word theme.
To interact with your word,
you will write the word program to display
a welcome message for anyone visiting the word.
I hope you're excited to unleash your creativity and have fun working with Gazebo.